infrastructure: add issue templates (#1824)
google/docsy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: Bug report
labels: [bug, needs-triage]
about: Create a report to help us improve
---

<!--
Please do not use the issue queue for questions or troubleshooting. Unless you are certain that your issue is a software defect, use the discussion forum of our repo:

https://github.com/google/docsy/discussions
-->

> <!-- Please answer these questions before submitting your issue. Thanks! -->
> 
> ### What version of Docsy are you using?
> 
> ### How did you install Docsy (hugo module, npm or git submodule)?
> 
> ### What version of Hugo are you using (`hugo version`)?
> 
> <pre>
> $ hugo version
> </pre>

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
<!-- Describe you environment by answering the questions below. Put your answers after the colon on each line. -->

### Environment

- [ ] Version of Docsy you are using:
- [ ] How are you using Docsy? As a:
  - [ ] Hugo module
  - [ ] NPM module
  - [ ] Git submodule
  - [ ] Other: 
- [ ] Version of Hugo you are using (output of `hugo version`):
- [ ] OS:
  - [ ] Linux
  - [ ] macOS
  - [ ] Windows
  - [ ] Other: 

### Problem

<!-- Concisely describe the problem you are seeing, ideally provide steps to reproduce it. -->

```

Author: Great suggestion, thanks! Implemented as requested.
